# ExotelCRMWebSDK (Beta)


The ExotelCRMWebSDK allows you to leverage Exotel's platform for making IP calls, with this easy to integrate feature.


# For npm users

## Installation

You can install the package using npm:

```bash
npm install git+https://github.com/exotel/exotel-ip-calling-crm-websdk#v1.1.5
```

## Using the Package in a Project:

Refer to sample project [here](https://github.com/exotel/exotel-voip-websdk-crm-sample-app) or read on.

1. Simply import the ExotelCRMWebSDK in your code like this:
```js
import ExotelCRMWebSDK from "exotel-ip-calling-crm-websdk";
```

2. Configure crmWebSDK object like this:
```js
const crmWebSDK = new ExotelCRMWebSDK(accessToken, userId, true);
```

3. **ExotelCRMWebSDK**
    
    **contructor**
      
      **accessToken** : This can be generated using the 
  [Create Authentication Token API](https://developer.exotel.com/api/ip-pstn-intermix-webrtc-sdk-integration#create-authentication-token)

    **userId** : You can get the userId using the [Application user management APIs](https://developer.exotel.com/api/ip-pstn-intermix-webrtc-sdk-integration#applications-user-management)
    
    **autoConnectVOIP** : If true, it will auto-connect device when the `ExotelWebPhoneSDK` is returned on initialization. (If you have passed false, then you must call `DoRegister` on `ExotelWebPhoneSDK`)

    **Initialize**

    Initializes the CRMWebSDK, sets up the phone object, and registers callbacks for various events.

    Parameters:

    `sofPhoneListenerCallback` (function): Callback for incoming calls.
    
    `softPhoneRegisterEventCallBack` (function, optional): Callback for soft phone register events. Default is null.
    
    `softPhoneSessionCallback` (function, optional): Callback for soft phone session events. Default is null.

    Returns:

    Promise<ExotelWebPhoneSDK | void>: A promise that resolves to an instance of ExotelWebPhoneSDK if successful, or void if unsuccessful.
 
4. Use the `Initialize` method on the `ExotelCRMWebSDK` object which returns Promise that resolves to `ExotelWebPhoneSDK` object.
    `ExotelCRMWebSDK` does all the work to get necessary details required for the `ExotelWebPhoneSDK`

```javascript
const crmWebPhone = await crmWebSDK.Initialize(HandleCallEvents, RegisterationEvent);
```

You must pass call events handler, registeration event handler (optional) and session callback handler (optional) to the `Initialize` method

5. **ExotelWebPhoneSDK**
   
   1. **RegisterDevice**: Registers the device with the call server.
   2. **UnRegisterDevice**: Un-registers the device from the call server.
   3. **AcceptCall**: Accept call
   4. **HangupCall**: Disconnect call
   5. **MakeCall**: (async) Method that places a call
        
        **Number**: A number to dial

        **dialCallback**: It is called after the call request is made to the server (An actual call may start after this with a slight day).

        **CustomField**: String; Any application-specific value like order id that will be passed back as a parameter in status callback.

   7. **ToggleHold**: Toggle state hold/un-hold state of a call. This state needs to be maintained by the client
   8. **ToggleMute** Toggle state mute/un-mute state of a call. This state needs to be maintained by the client





# For Non-npm integration
If you are not using a package manager like NPM, you can directly include the bundled JavaScript file that can be generated by webpack.

## Steps

1. Locate the webpack config file in the project directory.

2. Install all the dependencies that are require to run webpack.

3. Run the following command from the root directory of your project: 
```bash
npx webpack
```

4. Now you'll have one folder called  **'target'**  in your root directory.

5. You can find one bundle file called **'crmBundle.js'** in the target folder.

6. Now you can use this **'crmBundle.js'** file by adding it as a script. 
```js
<script src="./target/crmBundle.js"></script>
```

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache-2.0 License. See the [LICENSE](https://apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0) file for details.
